My name is Iffy. I am 35, and I am from Manchester, the red side.
Born and bred in Stretford, I started working in retail banking and progressed up.
My passion was property. I started investing in UK property and did that for six years.
I realised I loved it. If I could advise people on property, why not do it somewhere I enjoy? Dubai was a no-brainer.
It is massively ambitious. Everyone wants to make money. For me, it was also a better quality of life.
You cannot do anything by yourself. You have to do it with a team, and there is so much opportunity here.
Coming into the office is incredible. What an atmosphere. I specialise in off-plan, and I want to grow with this company.
My biggest accomplishment was my most recent deal. It started from a coffee chat.
The clients wanted information about Dubai. I said, let me tell you. They were the ones who said, let us do a deal.
My dad came over at 20. When I told him I was joining Kamani, he was really proud. It became a full-circle moment.
My hunger, work ethic and passion are going to drive me through. I should not let standards drop.
If the start time is 9 o'clock, why arrive at 9? Just because you finish at 5 or 6 pm, the work does not stop.